---
layout: post
title: Update!
permalink: /blog/2016-03-14-update
date: 2016-03-14 17:26:37 -0700
---

Hi! It’s been a while since I wrote anything on here, but I really have been working hard. I finished and released two projects. I updated my website to something aesthetically pleasing. I really like how it looks, but anyway, if you have any input, I really need it! It’s at <https://christianbaum.com> and please let me know if it’s ever down!

I published a game I worked on a while (I think one of the first progress posts I made on here shows what it used to be), under the name of Kat’s Dream on the Google Play store. You can read more about it or download it here, on my website. It used to be called JNSM, by the way. I will keep updating this and adding more features, but it’s not exactly a priority. Please check it out!

I also published an adaption of ELIZA on Android. I’m working on an upgraded version of this with user-defined custom speech patterns that I’m kind of excited about because as far as I know, a user-defined pattern-match version doesn’t exist. You can read about it and get a link to the Google Play store verison here!

I also uploaded a good portion of what I’ve done to GitHub, at <https://github.com/xianbaum> if anyone’s interested.

The game I’m focused on, City Night, is still progressing. Slowly, but still. but I’m working at my own pace. I want it to be good! I don’t have any progress videos right now, but I’ve been really working on sprites and animation lately, so I might show off that in the next few weeks. You can access some pretty old demos here, if you want, but don’t expect anything too interesting with those.

Besides that, I’ve been accepting small freelance jobs and really cranking up the “real” the job-search. But anyway, I think I should update this a lot more often. I was thinking once a week.
